Why ADAY

ADAY is a direct-to-consumer brand with the aim to lift the standard for clothing through great design + a better supply chain. We’re a team of optimists (currently working remotely around the globe) and we’re dedicated to making positive changes in the world around us. We’re also pretty fun (if we do say so ourselves), and we strive to make each day interesting, challenging and rewarding. 


We’ve raised over $10m in venture capital and were named one of the Most Innovative Companies in the World by Fast Company. You can read more about us in places like Fast Company, Vogue, Refinery29 + Conde Nast Traveler (and many more).

Why ADAY?

We’re committed to building each other up and being there for our teammates—we’re an ADAY family. 

We believe in flexibility and accountability. We encourage our teammates to manage their own schedules (an early bird working at 6am is just as awesome as a night owl working at 10pm—you get to choose), and to take time off whenever needed (we’ll share our favorite travel tips and adventures, too). We like to work hard and relax hard. 

We are excited about the future of ADAY and the future of each of our teammates. We are passionate about personal growth and we’re here to support each person in their journey, no matter what that looks like. 

We know that diversity is what makes us great. We’re committed to diversity in all areas, and we believe that every person on our team has an important point of view that deserves to be heard, no matter the role or seniority.


This Role

We’re looking for a data lover to support our team in making smart, data-driven decisions. You will use strong analytical skills to turn lots of data (sales, inventory, customer!) into actionable recommendations. Your insights will be used across marketing, finance, product, customer experience, and more. The ideal candidate is highly analytical (really, you must love numbers / excel / data analysis), curious, and able to work independently to find answers. 


Your Future Responsibilities

Analyze large data sets and develop custom models to uncover trends, patterns, and insights in customer and business data

Create reports & dashboards that support a wide variety of business needs

Work cross-functionally, with strong communications skills

Work with a variety of data sources, including a business intelligence tool, e-commerce platform, marketing platforms, and more


We think you have the following characteristics

The ideal candidate has lots of experience working with data. Your attention to detail is unparalleled - you are quick to notice and address discrepancies or anomalies. We don’t expect you to know all the answers but we do expect you to be open-minded, adaptable and willing to learn.


You likely love complex data problems, are fluent in excel and are excited to be a part of a mission-driven team creating a better future. Moreover, we admire individuals who are not afraid to take the initiative or speak up when they have ideas!


SKILLS

• Excellent analytical skills

• Superb attention to detail

• Flexible and quick learner

• Strong excel skills

• Naturally curious

• Bonus points for a basic understanding of SQL, R, or other database languages

• A high performer with a background in Economics, Finance, Math, Accounting or related field; MBA / graduate study optional